Primary Issue: User Creation Error
The main error is in the SecureUserService.create_user_with_details() method:

ERROR:services.security:Error creating user with details: 'phone'
This is happening because the method is trying to access a phone property that doesn't exist in the returned user data.

services/security.py
Fix user creation error by returning proper user dict, Fix logging imports and error handling, Add detailed error logging for user creation
Additional Critical Issues Found
1. Session Management Bug
There's an issue where sessions are being cleared unexpectedly, as shown in the logs where a user goes from having user_id: 34 to an empty session {}.

main.py
Fix session handling in get_user_custom_id function
2. Database Service Return Type Inconsistency
The DatabaseService sometimes returns different types (Row vs dict), causing compatibility issues.

services/database.py
Ensure consistent dict return types from database queries
3. Missing Import in SecurityAuditLogger
The security audit logger is trying to log events but may not have proper logging configuration.

4. Enhanced Error Handling in User Creation
Add better error logging to identify the exact cause of failures.

Summary of Issues Found
🔴 Critical Issues:
User Creation Bug: create_user_with_details() returning Row object instead of dict
Session Management: Unexpected session clearing causing authentication failures
Database Return Types: Inconsistent return types from DatabaseService methods
🟡 Medium Priority Issues:
Error Handling: Insufficient error logging in security services
Type Consistency: Mixed use of Row objects and dicts throughout codebase
Session Persistence: Sessions not properly maintained across requests
🟢 Minor Issues:
Tailwind CSS Warning: Using CDN in production (performance impact only)
Code Duplication: Similar phone encryption logic in multiple places
✅ Still Working Well:
Phone encryption system is properly implemented
Custom ID generation working correctly
Database schema and relationships are correct
Admin panel functionality intact
Address management working with custom_id system
Recommended Testing After Fixes
Test user signup flow end-to-end
Verify session persistence across page navigation
Test phone number lookup and authentication
Verify cart and address operations work with custom_id
The primary issue preventing user creation should be resolved with the first fix to the SecureUserService.create_user_with_details() method.